Handled disabled repo case in prs, policies and item content (#413)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/azure-devops/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

> # Fixed disabled repos bug 0.1.4 (2024-03-06)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Port_Ocean 0.1.4 (2024-03-06)
```

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed bug where disabled repos would fail resync for prs, policies and item content (#413)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue causing disabled repositories to fail resynchronization for pull requests, policies, and item content. (#413)
```
